Hi, my name is Dave Andrews, today I'm going
to show you how to change file type associations
in Windows XP. To begin let's go to the computer,
and on my desktop I'm going to create just
a simple text file. If I open up this text
document, I've typed some text, you notice
that it's opened up using notepad, let's save
my text, and we want to change that to open
up with Word pad. To do so, click on the start
bar down at the very bottom, and we want to
select my computer. From here, go to tools,
and select folder options. And we want to
go to the file types tab. What this is doing
is loading in all of the file types that my
computer supports as well as the programs
that run them. The one that we want to change
is TXT for text file. So find TXT in that
list and select it. As you can see, it now
opens with notepad and we want to change that
to open up with Word pad. So click the change
button, and select Word pad. Now press okay.
This is changed to open with Word pad. Close
out of that dialogue and close my computer
and open up the new text document. As you
can see it is no longer opened up automatically
with Notepad, but instead has opened up with
the Word pad editor. It's that easy to change
how your file types open in Windows XP. My
name is Dave Andrews, and I've just showed
you how to change file associations in Windows
XP.